hello guys and welcome back today we'll
be looking at the soul can which is a
realm of oblivion and the realm of
oblivion that we've seen it looks like
the underworld sort of realm this
particular realm er is not associated
with any Daedric Prince unlike the
majority it's also not the same realm as
what we saw in oblivion that realm was
mehrunes dagon Deadlands and that's why
you staged the invasion on a Cyrodiil
however this particular realm we have
actually seen before in the game
battlespire the realm is actually
controlled by a gem like race of beings
they call themselves the ideal masters
and they believe that if by freeing
mortals from life and dooming them to
eternal death that they're being saved
from meaningless hardship and gifted
with peace in return the undead and then
forced to guard the realm forever the
realm actually was accessible from a
void gate in the battlespire but when
June again when the bath spire was
destroyed then it was obviously no
longer accessible via that means which
is interesting I wonder if that means
that somewhere in Skyrim there's another
portal also I think it's interesting
that they actually picked this
particular realm as opposed to any of
the other realms not sure what the
reasonings for it also in the soul Ken
there is an emerald gate powered by a
mana font controlled by three rods wrote
a pilot rod of pillar and the rod of
passage and the collectively known as
the three fingers this particular
emerald gauge allows you to teleport to
any of the outer realms provided that
the user knows the name of the realm
they want to go to I don't know if that
would be used in Dawnguard
there seems to be a dragon in it the
information I looked at didn't say
anything about dragons however there are
the gemlike
race of beings perhaps could have lured
a dragon in because I think it's the
boss fight of the soul Ken I'm presuming
it is anyway and the dragon once it's
killed gives you a soul obviously and a
power I think I'd rather expecting from
a word wall just from from the soul
itself other does that seems to be a
little bit out of keeping with the
general trend of collect a word collect
a soul but the actual power that you get
will allow you to deal the soul from one
of your enemies I think one of your
fallen enemies
and they will become your undead minion
which is quite a power to have also on
the video I've noticed that the enemies
that you find it there they seem to be
called bond men as Isis that's what it
seems to say which is unusual the other
thing of note is that it seems that this
is the realm from which you get the
summoned horse which I thought it was an
underworld horse but still could be an
underworld horse but it's not in a
typical mount it looks like it's
summonable either through a special
power special spell or through a magical
item perhaps a ring a couple of things
Evernote that I've seen is first of all
in the lord surfaces that the undead are
invulnerable however in the video it
shows that you clearly are able to
destroy them a little bit information
that I found out referring to the
Salkind was a note in the actual
battlespire it was a note beneath a
stained-glass window but it picks to one
side many people laboring burdened with
great loads and suffering with the
Agony's of war and death on the other
side the people put down their burdens
and are transfigured by a blazing green
light which strips them of their
tattered soiled garments and leaves them
within a perfect splendor of body and
spirit and eath the window as a simple
inscription the soul can once they
struggled hammered cried fought for
justice honor pride now from time and
tide released they guard and serve in
silent peace and whoa guys thank you
very much for your audience I hope this
has been of use few at least a little
bit informative when we come back
there'll be more Dawnguard information
if you enjoyed this video don't forget
to let your friends know about it if
you've liked it don't forget to let me
know about it and press the like button
and that'll be all for this video so
until next time guys stay safe
take care self good bye
you